# development and deployment of network services-Lab
 An implementation of client-servers interaction

Particularly I have to implement this kind of "real" scenario:

Components: Wolf (server), rabbit (client1), water(client2)

Description: When rabbit is born it generates a random weight for itself. Afterwards rabbit generates random values that specify distance of the rabbit to the wolf. If the distance is less than chosen, wolf eats rabbit and gets the amount of food equal to the rabbits weight. Eaten rabbit dies and gets reborn after 5 sec.

        - What if the rabbit is not so close to be eaten from the wolf and so don't die? So if the rabbit is not died still have I to respown it after 5 sec or not? I have to generate again random distance to the wolf until the rabbit is not eaten



 When water appears it generates random coordinates in a two dimensional space and volume for itself. Wolf moves around by generating random coordinates in a two dimensional space for itself.
    
        - The coordinate of the wolf are generated by the client when it generated the water? Or by the server? 
 
  If wolf comes to water closer than chosen distance, it consumes that water and gets amount of food equal to the volume of water drunken. Consumed water disappears and reappears after 5 sec.

        -What if the water was not so close to the wolf to be consumed? stay there and wait
        -When water is consumed it reapper in the same point of before o reapper in a random point just like when the server was started? random point
  
   When wolf consumes more food than chosen amount, it can neither eat nor drink for 5 sec. and resets to zero amount of food afterwards.


   N.B. The wolf move by itself.



   //funzione dell'acqua: spawna e salvi nella funzione stessa coordiante e peso dell'acqua. Da lì controlli dove si trova il lupo. se è vicino beve l'acqua e bon. Se non è vicino fai una sleep e fai ricontrollare dopo 5 secondi dove si trova il lupo ( che avrà sicuramente cambiato la sua posizione) e se adesso è vicino lo fai bere. 